#summary Has avalanche stopped development? No.
#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements

I just wanted to let everyone know my plans for what is happening to Avalanche, and why the Google Code project has not seen an update in a few months, this is not because the project has been abandoned; far from it...

= What is happening to Avalanche =

  * Avalanche is being completely re-written. 1.0.0 will be out end of June
  * Alpha/Beta releases of 1.0.0 will be released around May/June.
  * Avalanche will no longer use PHP (huge thanks to [http://github.com/kghost KGhost] and [http://github.com/azuwis Azuwis] (see [http://code.google.com/p/avalanche-rt/issues/detail?id=10 Issue #10])
  * Avalanche will be less dependant on rTorrent, (more on that when 1.0.0 is released); Avalanche 1.1.0 will support many servers.
  * Because of the above, Avalanche will be released as a Google Chrome app alongside a server app.
  * Avalanche will be moving to GitHub, as a way of encouraging more developers to get on board (like Kghost and Azuwis did!)
  * Avalanche 1.0.0 will support Chrome, Firefox 4 and IE10, and Avalanche 1.1.0 will have support for iPhone and Android phones.
  * Avalanche will properly support translations, thanks to the efforts of all translators!
  * Avalanche 1.1.0 will be released as a debian-package, meaning a "sudo apt-get install avalanche" will be all that is needed.

As always donations are welcome and hugely help future development of the app. Thank's loads to everyone who has given monetary support so far, and a special thanks to all those that have contributed code/translations!

If you want to get involved in the redevelopment of Avalanche then just email:      avalanche ^at^ keithcirkel ^dot^ co ^dot^ uk

==You can also follow the development on avalanche at [http://twitter.com/avalanchert @avalanche on twitter]==